to the NBA played on bad teams shot the
ball too much didn't get along with
teammate then he got Phil Jackson and
Scottie Pippen like everybody now in the
front row he's got he's got Dwyane Wade
Dwyane Wade like Scottie Pippen to the
top 50 player all-time well he's got
Bosh was Bosh as good as Rodman um
Rodman's at all timer
I don't know Bosh is gonna be an
all-timer LeBron also have never ever in
Miami
Jordan always had service level centers
Jordan also had Kerr and PACs and elite
shooters England's play with Mario
Chalmers no Center and I mean
everybody's like Oh what about that
bench last year what about it Mike
Miller it was the greatest moment Mike
Miller's career good dude but Conn you
didn't expect that I didn't expect that
now they've added Ray Allen but it's
still a team without a center in an
average point guard
I don't think Mario Chalmers is bad but
let's not and by the way Michael Jordan
had Phil Jackson historically is me
better than Erik Spoelstra and Erik
Spoelstra if he loses that final last
year forgotten run so our memory of
Michael is just greater than reality
now you won six championships he was the
MVP didn't
people forget that he struggled in
against the Utah Jazz he faced him twice
in the finals he shot about 43 percent
42 Percy struggle one of them he was
fake at the end of the series he's
trouble Michael Michael miss shot
Michael had bad games bad playoff game
Michael they stopped at the buzzer but
we don't show those idiots yeah you
didn't see those so there's this
romanticizing of you know LeBron you
know by the way Michael Jordan was only
like a 55% shooter at the buzzer which
is fantastic but that means 45% of the
time he didn't make it but you can't
find a piece of video on that you know
Jordan it's playing like I run a story
this morning and you hear this now oh
I'm Jordan wanted to come back right now
at 50 he's still dropped 40 a game
here's Michael it is all things be one
day you might look up
and see me playing game at 50 all the
land
and never say never because limits like
fears often just an illusion
and there are people in the media that
are like oh Jordan came back now he
would drop 40 again no he wouldn't
he's he's 50 years come on people
yeah he wasn't he wasn't average in 40 a
game in his 17th year do you not
remember his last year in the league he
wasn't as vertical that people
occasionally block his shot everything
became a fall away
we Michael peaked at about year 9 8 in
the NBA and then those efficiency
ratings went down people forget his last
four or five years in the NBA with
shooting 49% forty eight point why did
she come on and that includes all the
dogs
Jordan was never a great long-range
hoping it was gonna better pure shooter
than Michael I mean Michael was the best
basketball player I've ever seen but I
swear to God if you listen to him he
sounds like a combination of Picasso
Emeril and Obama I mean it's like
literally he's gonna host summits
internationally